Sorry!
I'm so sorry, Tanaka!
I told you not to worry about it.
Forget me, are you all right?
Yeah.
Lying down helped. I feel fine now that I'm off the bus.
That so?
Good.
Our match today rests on your shoulders, after all.
Let me spike freely like you did in the three-on-three.
Hey, Tanaka!
No pressure!
Huh? What?
I'll... I'll do my...
I-I need to use the bathroom.
First the top, now the bottom?
Never a moment's rest for you, huh?
Not again.
Pathetic!
Time to beat him into shape.
What are you saying?
You know that won't work on Hinata!
We won't know until we try.
Tanaka, help me stop this fool!
Okay!
Knock it off!
Just once...
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
Episode Six:
An Amusing Team
So...
We're playing Karasuno today, right?
Doesn't he go to that school?
The King of the Court, I mean.
Didn't you two go to the same junior high, Kindaichi?
Oh, you mean Kageyama?
He's not all that special.
Sure, his individual skill may've been off the charts,
but he has no clue what it takes to succeed in a team sport.
He's too egocentric.
Oh? Not like it matters now that he's gone to Karasuno.
They may've been a strong team in the past or whatever,
but right now, all that comes to mind is that their manager's a real hottie.
For real?
Yeah.
Shimizu, I think we're good to go.
She's got this sultry look to her.
Right.
Oh, they also have this punk on their team.
A cueball with a real mean look.
He looks completely retarded.
Oh?
Uh...
Keep looking down on us...
and we'll eat you alive.
You shouldn't threaten them like that, Tanaka.
Look, now these poor elites are shaking in their boots. Don't you feel sorry for them?
L-Like hell we are!
Who's the four-eyes?
I don't remember Karasuno having such a tall player.
I guess.
Gotta limit the bullying to the match proper, right?
You guys!
Can't take my eyes off you for a second!
We're sorry!
D-Don't be.
Knock it off, Tanaka!
Long time no see, King.
Show me what kinda dictatorship you've put in place this time.
I can hardly wait.
Sure.
What's gotten into him?
What was that for?
He's acting all calm and collected.
You've grown up, eh?
Gymnasium #3
M-Massive!
B-Both the gym and the players!
Greet them!
Let's have a good match!
Aoba Jousai is a team whose players are all
extremely good at both offense and defense.
It's full of guys who would be the star player on any other team.
Plus they're famous as being great blockers.
What's gotten into you two?
We've got Hinata here to throw a spanner in their works!
Right?
But we know that you suck, so we've got your back.
Oh, but you'll be on your own while serving.
Don't you dare screw up.
Just kidding!
Who cares if you mess up a serve here and there?
You don't have to worry about a thing. Just—
Where'd Hinata go?
To the bathroom.
Not again!
Save
water
m 693 51 l 670.5 79.5 669 196.5 699 222 907.5 222 924 199.5 924 67.5 909 49.5
Save
water
m 693 51 l 670.5 79.5 669 196.5 699 222 907.5 222 924 199.5 924 67.5 909 49.5
Save
water
m 693 51 l 670.5 79.5 669 196.5 699 222 907.5 222 924 199.5 924 67.5 909 49.5
m 693 51 l 670.5 79.5 669 196.5 700.5 195 862.5 196.5 862.5 177 913.5 183 918 69
Ugh, this is bad.
The hell's Karasuno's problem?
Acting like they're hot shit.
Yeah.
This guy...
He was the one standing next to Kageyama when I faced him in junior high.
I remember his turnip head.
Are you a first-year at Karasuno?
Yeah. What of it?
How do you like playing with Kageyama, our king?
He still seems to be up on his high horse.
You've gotta be kidding me!
It goes way beyond that!
Under the iron-fisted rule of Kageyama the Great,
plebeians like me are cruelly oppressed,
our lives filled with suffering!
He acts like he's God's gift to humanity
just because he happens to be kinda good!
See?
He sure does hate the guy.
He is pretty good at receiving, blocking, and serving.
Yeah. It's enough to piss you off.
But he's awful at setting.
And he's amazing at setting.
At setting?
He's amazing.
Oh, I know. You've never spiked his sets in an actual match before, have you?
They're awful.
"Difficult to spike" is an understatement.
Really?
He's called the egocentric king for a reason.
He fails to do the most obvious thing that's expected of him as a setter: helping the spiker hit the ball.
What he finds essential is pawns that'll move according to his will.
And he throws away anything he doesn't need to win.
Decide whether Kageyama's still the same as he was in junior high after you've watched him play, turnip head.
Right, Hinata?
He throws away anything he doesn't need to win, huh?
If I mess up in front of Kageyama...
Get outta here! You're useless!
...I'll be subbed out!
My tummy hurts!
Okay, then. I'm looking forward to it.
Don't be so nervous, Hinata.
Relax.
Okay!
I'll do my best to relax!
Hurry up and change, Hinata.
Hey, could you say something to cheer that first-year up?
Okay!
Could I talk to you for a sec?
I have high hopes for you.
She finished him off!
Forgive me, Hinata.
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
The practice match between Karasuno High and Aoba Jousai High will now begin.
Let's have a good match!
That midget's playing middle blocker?
You can't be serious.
It really is Kageyama.
What's he doing at Karasuno?
Beats me.
Pull yourself together, Hinata!
Okay!
I'll do my best to pull myself together!
That's not—
Look, just calm down.
Hey, Hinata!
You get it, don't you?
Play like you did during the three-on-three.
I-I get it!
Do you?
Give us a good serve, Matsukawa!
Okay, I got this!
Are you retarded? That clearly wasn't yours!
I'm sorry!
Take care of it, Ennoshita!
Tanaka!
Got it!
That's one down.
Don't worry about it.
Hinata, calm down and look around you.
I'm sorry!
He's totally overwhelmed.
Hinata!
Just calm down, okay?
Hell yeah! That was lucky!
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
A net foul, huh?
Karasuno finally scored a point.
Enough with the nerves already, damn it!
I'm sorry!
Give me one more chance!
Yeah, he really isn't all that special.
He hasn't changed one bit.
All right!
Let's make a comeback, one point at a time!
Who's serving next?
This is the worst possible timing.
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
Hinata has to serve now?
A service error means the opposition score.
Relax, Hinata!
So if I mess this up, they'll win the first set!
Kageyama, I don't think he's breathing.
Is he gonna be okay?
Don't ask me.
He throws away anything he doesn't need to win.
Don't screw up.
I'll get subbed out if I do!
Calm down.
It's okay. It's all right.
Shit! I didn't hit it cleanly!
Haikyuu !!
Aoba Jousai          Karasuno
Hey, is your head okay?
Boom, headshot!
Quit adding fuel to the fire!
Knock it off, you guys!
Now I've really done it.
Hey, Kageyama...
W-Wait!
Let's talk this out!
Kageyama!
Hey...
You know...
Yes?
What is it that's making you so nervous?
Is it our opponents' size?
Or because it's your first practice match?
There's something you find scarier than
hitting a serve into the back of my head.
What is it?
I can't think of anything.
So there's no reason for you to be nervous anymore, is there?
I mean, you've already gone and done the worst thing possible.
In that case...
hurry up and go back to normal, dumbass!
Huh?
I got away with that?
What are you talking about?
If I got away with that,
I could've gotten away with anything!
What the hell? That damn turnip head had me scared for a moment!
But we just lost the first set because of me.
Kageyama may've forgiven me, but...
Hey, Hinata.
Eek!
Say...
Yes?
D'you think you have to play as well as the rest of us?
Like you're good enough?
But I'll get subbed out if I don't play well...
I wanna play till the end!
Hey, don't you dare look down on us!
We're well aware that you suck, man!
Daichi put you in the lineup despite being aware of that!
As for getting subbed out...
Cross that bridge when you get to it!
Quit racking your brain over something that might happen!
Shouldn't you stop him?
Oh, yeah. I think we're good.
Not like you have a brain, anyway!
Listen up.
In volleyball,
everyone on your side of the court is your ally, without exception!
So what if you suck? Go ahead and cause trouble for us!
Hold us back!
Making up for all those things...
is our job as your teammates and upperclassmen!
Now show me some respect.
Yes, sir!
Do it again.
I bet he just wants to be called "sir."
Yes, sir!
Yeah, but he's being a huge help.
A speech like that is only effective when delivered by someone who always speaks his mind.
Yes, sir!
Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
What's going on?
A practice match, apparently.
The second set's starting now.
Hey, teach me how to hit a serve at someone's head after the match.
Me too.
Give us a good serve, Ennoshita.
Do the same thing you did in the three-on-three.
Run as fast as you can to an area they're not marking,
jump as high as you can,
and swing your arm as hard as you can.
But be careful not to run into the other spikers.
Okay.
Kunimi!
Take care of it, Kageyama!
Okay.
Set it to the left!
Right!
They're not gonna do a quick attack.
It'll probably be an open shot from the left or right again.
What the?
A quick attack?
Huh?
It didn't hit my hand.
They can do quick attacks?
Or was that just a bluff?
Either way...
You'd better spike sets like that, lest you incur the King's wrath.
Hinata.
Here it comes.
My bad.
I set that too high.
Kageyama...
...apologized?
I'll think about forgiving you.
Ow!
Ouch! That hurts, Kageyama!
I'll go bald!
Let's take this point.
Nice serve!
Got it.
I got this!
The right wing spiker and setter are on the move!
Send it to me!
The left's waiting for it.
Who will Kageyama use?
Now!
This is it!
All right!
Yeah!
Yes!
There it is.
The freak set-and-spike.
What the hell?
That was fast!
Hinata, Kageyama.
One, two...
Yeah!
It's like we're a team!
"Like a team"?
We are a team.
Got it!
Nice set, Kageyama.
Thank you.
That midget can do fast attacks?
Give us one more.
Sure.
Something's changed since the first set.
Okay, are you scared now?
You are, right?
Keep your eyes locked on Hinata.
Now that Hinata's back to normal,
let's stage a comeback.
Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
A chance!
Got it!
It's not the least bit scary if we know what's coming!
Say what?
Finally!
Shit. The midget was just a decoy this time.
And here I thought it was coming my way!
How'd you like that, turnip head?
I told you to decide after you've watched him play!
I went all like, "Say what?" thinking I'd get to spike! So embarrassing!
That's perfectly fine.
It's because you jump for real
that you lure the opponents in.
Is that how it works?
It is.
Shit.
Don't lose your cool, Kindaichi.
We're scoring plenty of points ourselves.
Don't let them get to you.
Okay!
Even I can tell that they're splitting the blockers up.
I had no idea Karasuno had such a strong team.
But they mess up a lot too, don't they?
Huddle up!
Okay!
What's up, Hinata?
Back when I played my first match,
I thought I had to do everything all by myself.
But now I have players much
better than myself around me.
Going good!
Keep this up!
You can count on us!
So all I can do right now is believe in them and jump, right?
There was no need at all to rack my brain.
You sure took your time!
You have no idea what an unbelievable weapon that belief and jumping ability is.
Dude, Kindaichi.
Kageyama's nothing like you said he was!
I-I've never seen anything like this either.
I can't believe there's a spiker who can keep up with his unreasonable sets.
You're mistaken.
It seems to me like that number five isn't looking at the ball at all.
What do you mean, Coach?
I think Kageyama's making pinpoint sets into the palm of his hand.
Is that even possible?
Kageyama of all people consciously working together with someone?
That must mean that number five has enough ability
to make the supposedly egocentric and prideful Kageyama do that.
If you want to know what's really amazing, it's that he trusts Kageyama's sets completely as he jumps.
He's certain that the ball will come to him.
Even if they break free of our blocks, make sure to dig it out!
We've put out our best available lineup, you know!
Show some pride!
Yes, sir!
Okay, time to turn things around!
Kageyama's amazing.
Yeah!
It's too bad we couldn't get him to join us.
We did make him an offer, right?
Yeah.
But even if he had joined us, that doesn't
necessarily mean he would've still played like that.
Let's keep going and take this set!
Maybe it's because he picked Karasuno...
because he's playing with that number five that he's playing the way he is right now.
Dude, that hurt!
Just trying to fire you up.
Hey, it's time.
Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
Here's our chance!
Tsukishima!
Yes!
Nicely done, Tsukki!
Good job, Tsukishima!
Your sets are so precise it gives me the creeps.
There's probably a better way to put it,
but I can kinda see where Tsukishima's coming from.
Maybe I should aim for your glasses next time.
Just try it. You'll get thrown out of the gym again.
By the time you think you want the ball to come to a certain point, it's already there.
I'll do it on the sly.
Like hell you can!
It's terrifying, but also really reassuring.
Are you stupid?
That's enough. We're in the middle of a match.
Give us a good serve, Tanaka.
A good one!
I see.
Tanaka
Hinata
Sawamura
Kageyama
Tsukishima
Ennoshita
Sugawara
Yamaguchi
Kinoshita
Narita
The lineup rotates every time we score and gain the serve.
And right now, we have Kageyama, Tsukishima, and Ennoshita in front.
Yeah.
It's the exact opposite of the formation we started the match in.
When Hinata plays in front, his distractions raise the efficiency of our offense.
On the other hand, when Tsukishima plays in front...
we'll have blockers just as overpowering as Seijou!
I hear you're good at blocking too,
but you'd better know your place.
And you'd better make sure you don't get blown away,
what with you being as thin as a twig.
Stop fighting, guys.
Hey! Your opponents are the guys on the other side!
Watch out! Here they come!
Yeah!
Hey, I was the one who blocked that.
Say what? It hit my hand too.
Knock it off already!
Serves you two right.
What are you smirking for?
Stop that, Kageyama!
Dammit.
Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
We're starting to lose our cool.
Hey, Kunimi! You could've covered for that, fool!
I think we need to stop that number five somehow.
Sure, Kageyama and number five form a formidable duo,
but that's not all.
Tanaka needs to be a bit more level-headed,
but he's a great spiker with tons of power and spirit.
Tsukishima seems a bit too relaxed, but he's a very clever blocker.
And the captain, Sawamura, more than makes up for their leaky defense.
Send it my way!
They have an extremely green player on their team,
and their defense is full of holes,
but they have a flexible offense built around that greenhorn.
This is what you call toying with another team.
Karasuno, huh?
A bunch of unsteady misfits,
but an amusing team.
Karasuno          Aoba Jousai
They took the set!
Damn it!
Hell yeah!
Nice set, Kageyama.
Thank you.
Let's keep this up and win the last set!
Good thing they don't have anyone who serves like Kageyama.
A comeback victory!
Victory!
Yeah. We're not too good at receiving.
Thanks.
We can't let our guards down.
This is just a hunch, but I don't think they're playing their starting setter—
Oh, you're back, Oikawa.
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
What? Seijou weren't playing their starting setter?
Who's that pretty boy, anyway?
You know him, right, Kageyama?
Well, you'll have to wait and see.
Episode Seven:
Versus the Great King
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
"Versus the Great King."